

Pull the repository

TTTG









How do we pull a repo? 


To pull the latest changes for the current Git repo:

git pull
If you want the safer explicit version:

git pull origin main
Replace main with your branch if needed.

Typical flow:

Go into the repo:
cd /path/to/repo
Check your branch:
git branch --show-current
Pull latest changes:
git pull
If Git refuses because of local changes, inspect first:

git status
Then either commit them, stash them, or discard them intentionally. If you want, I can give you the exact safest pull workflow for your setup.


https://www.staffingsolutionsbysarah.com how about we pull this repo from GitHub? I don't want to affect the main so let's create a worktree or a separate one to practice and test out some things. 



4 previous messages
The repo was already local and connected to GitHub at https://github.com/laughjaja/websitev2.git. I fetched the latest remote state and created an isolated worktree here:

website-practice

It’s on a new branch:

practice/website-lab-20260406

The original checkout is still untouched at website, and that original repo still has its own untracked local files. The new worktree is clean.

Use it like this:

cd '/Users/TTTG/Sarah Fell/apps/website-practice'
git status
npm install
npm run dev
If you want, I can start working only inside the practice worktree and test changes there.


Get the repo that is connected to Vercel. That's the one that we want to try to clone and confirm first again. I don't want to make changes to the main



5 previous messages
Confirmed from Vercel: www.staffingsolutionsbysarah.com is deploying from GitHub repo laughjaja/sarah-fell-website, Vercel project websitev2, branch websitev2, commit f188224c95e6cf80f8dbd0e90293b90ff9b085a5.

I cloned that exact repo into a separate sandbox here: sarah-fell-website-vercel-clone

It is now on a local practice branch, not the main/live branch:

practice/vercel-sandbox-20260406

Two important notes:

The old local checkout at website has a stale .vercel/project.json pointing at website-updates-final, which Vercel no longer resolves.
The fresh clone is the one that matches the live Vercel deployment, and it is clean.
Use this sandbox with:

cd '/Users/TTTG/Sarah Fell/apps/sarah-fell-website-vercel-clone'
npm install
npm run dev
If you want, I can work only inside this clone from here forward.


When you say that Vercel is exposing something important, is that a security threat? 


No. What I meant was operationally important, not a security threat.

The important part was this:

Your local checkout had .vercel/project.json pointing to website-updates-final
Vercel says the live domain is actually running from project websitev2
That means the local Vercel linkage is stale or wrong
The real risk is deployment confusion, not exposure. In practice:

You could run vercel from the wrong folder and deploy to the wrong project
You could think you’re editing the live-connected repo when you’re not
You could test against one repo and accidentally ship from another
That is a workflow/integrity problem, not a breach.

Also, the GitHub repo/branch details I saw came from the authenticated Vercel API tool, not from public internet scraping. So this does not mean random users can see your private repo mapping.

If you want, I can cleanly relink the sandbox clone to the correct Vercel project and leave the old checkout alone.


And if you work on this branch, would that then be, like, this is going to be the production and that's going to be the main stage? 


No. Not if I work on the sandbox branch I created.

Right now, based on the live Vercel deployment I checked:

Production is currently tied to GitHub branch websitev2
The live site is serving commit f188224... from that branch
Your local sandbox branch practice/vercel-sandbox-20260406 is separate and does not affect production by itself
The key distinction:

websitev2 is the branch currently feeding production
main is not the live branch for this site right now
practice/vercel-sandbox-20260406 is just a local branch in the separate clone
What would affect production:

If changes are merged or pushed onto websitev2, that can affect production
If Vercel’s production branch is later changed in project settings, then that new branch could become production
What would not affect production:

Editing files locally in the sandbox clone
Working on practice/vercel-sandbox-20260406 without pushing it to the production branch
One nuance:

If that practice branch gets pushed to GitHub, Vercel will usually create a preview deployment, not production. That is the normal Git-connected Vercel behavior. That part is an inference from standard Vercel branch behavior; the production fact above is confirmed from the live deployment metadata.
So the safe rule is:

We can work in the sandbox clone and sandbox branch
We do not push to websitev2
We do not merge into websitev2
Then production stays untouched
If you want, I can keep all work strictly inside the sandbox branch and only ever deploy previews.


From what I have learned and read from Claude earlier, it said that we only need to push to GitHub to push to Vercel. Is that correct? GitHub will push to Vercel or something like that 



1 previous message
Yes, with one correction: GitHub does not "push to Vercel" itself. Vercel is connected to the GitHub repo and automatically deploys when you push to certain branches.

For this site, confirmed today from Vercel:

Production is currently deploying from repo laughjaja/sarah-fell-website
The live production deployment came from branch websitev2
The live commit is f188224c95e6cf80f8dbd0e90293b90ff9b085a5
So the practical rule is:

Push to websitev2 and you risk updating production
Push to a different branch and Vercel will normally create a preview deployment, not production
Work locally without pushing and nothing changes on Vercel
So if I work on practice/vercel-sandbox-20260406, that is safe until someone pushes/merges into the production branch.

Relevant docs:

Vercel for GitHub
Git configuration
Promote preview to production
If you want the safest workflow, use this:

Work in the sandbox branch
Push only that sandbox branch
Review the Vercel preview
Never push directly to websitev2 unless you intend to update production

Ok so what's our trial branch? Let's set it up! 



9 previous messages
The branch is now stitch-testing.

Current sandbox repo:
sarah-fell-website-vercel-clone

Status:

Local branch: stitch-testing
Remote branch: origin/stitch-testing
Production branch remains websitev2
Vercel has already picked up stitch-testing as a preview branch and is building it now
Preview branch alias: websitev2-git-stitch-testing-jas-projects-dbe01bda.vercel.app
One constraint: Git branch names cannot contain spaces, so stitch testing had to become stitch-testing.

Use it from here:

cd '/Users/TTTG/Sarah Fell/apps/sarah-fell-website-vercel-clone'
git status
If you want, I’ll do all further work only on stitch-testing.



